Enhance handling of `Date` with `nanosecond` (#193)
jpsim/Yams: CHANGELOG.md

##### Enhancements

> * Support `Date` with `nanosecond` in Swift 4.x.  

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
* Accurately represent `Date`s with nanosecond components in Swift 4.x.  
```

  [Norio Nomura](https://github.com/norio-nomura)

##### Bug Fixes

> * Fix `YAMLEncoder` outputted a result that is delayed by 1 second when encoding

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```md
* Fix a bug where `YAMLEncoder` would delay `Date`s by 1 second when encoding values with a `nanosecond` component greater than 999499997.  
```
